salt,docs: Make `terminated-pod-gc-threshold` configurable (#3621)
scality/metalk8s: CHANGELOG.md

  so that if it's possible each `Dex` pods will sit on a different infra node
  (PR[#3614](https://github.com/scality/metalk8s/pull/3614))

> - Allow to manage the number of terminated pods that can exists before the
>   terminated pod garbage collector starts deleting terminated pods from the
>   Bootstrap configuration, and default to `500`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow to manage the number of terminated pods that can exist, before the
  terminated pod garbage collector starts deleting them, from the
  Bootstrap configuration. It defaults to `500`
```
